[Music]
hey you wish you could afford the new
iPhone how about a trip to the Bahamas
why is it that no matter how many hours
you work a week you still find yourself
sitting at home eating top ramen
dreaming of a tropical vacation you
can't afford turns out you might be
wasting your money on unnecessary things
well dry your tears here are things you
can avoid in order to save your money
and live more like royalty grooming and
vanity maintenance eyebrow wax check
haircut check manicure check with so
many selfie opportunities these days
looking good can feel like it's more
important than anything even if it means
spending half your paycheck on it
according to a 20-17 article in the New
York Post American women can spend up to
a quarter of a million dollars on their
appearance in their lifetime but have
you stopped to ask yourself are these
things really necessary sure you may
need to get a haircut every couple of
months to look put together for work but
do you really need a facial every month
probably not try making a monthly budget
for yourself to spend on grooming
rituals if you can't afford that spa
pedicure this month maybe you can fit it
into the budget next month the latest
gadgets take a look around the room
you're sitting in right now spot the
latest iPhone how about your new laptop
these gadgets are awesome but they often
boast some pretty hefty price tags am i
right
well you really do need things like a
cell phone and computer for work and
personal reasons spending all your money
on the newest versions of electronics
isn't really necessary think of it this
way if it ain't broke don't fix it you
don't need the newest version of your
xbox if the one you already have from
two years ago still works perfectly if
you don't give in to the hype of the
latest and greatest you can save
yourself some serious paper
Coffee and other drinks on the go how
many times have you been out running
errands and thought I'll just grab a
quick latte more times than you could
probably count right well two or three
bucks may not seem like much at the time
it can seriously add up if you're doing
this monthly weekly or even daily one
way to close up this money pit is by
making your own coffee at home whether
it's a sturdy tumbler or reusable coffee
mug bringing your own drinks from home
will save you serious cash and if you
don't think your homemade coffee
concoctions taste as good as your local
coffee houses a lot of places will give
you a discount if you bring your own cup
diet fads and gimmicks I dare you to go
on Instagram for 10 minutes without
getting bombarded with ads for skinny
tea low calorie protein drinks and
health food delivery services and while
many of them seem too good to be true
because they are some will really look
like they'll help you get thinner and
healthier but why spend extra money on
these so called health products that cut
corners when you can achieve the same
results yourself if you really want to
get in shape and feel better about your
appearance try cutting out junk food
cooking with clean ingredients or
spending an extra day of the week at the
gym it's all about adjusting your
lifestyle to fit in what makes you
healthy you shouldn't have to pay for it
you'll feel better and your wallet will
thank you the way you grocery shop
grocery shopping isn't always fun but
you have to do it even though buying
food to make it home is already more
economical than eating out all the time
there are definitely things you're doing
at the market that have you spending way
more than you have to first off you
should never do your grocery shopping on
an empty stomach when your tummy is a
rumblin everything on the shelves will
look really good even if you don't need
it like those cookies on aisle 7 not to
mention the fact that you'll spend way
more money than you would on the basic
things you really need like eggs bread
milk broccoli you get the idea
secondly when you're ready to pay for
the things in line at the grocery store
try to avoid the impulse buys impulse
purchases are things like
candy bars gum and gossip magazines that
are right there at the checkout counter
just begging you to buy them these items
are put in the spot for a reason they're
little purchases that look harmless and
they're super easy to plop onto the
counter along with your other groceries
who couldn't use a quick Snickers bar
the fact is you don't need this stuff so
try not to pay attention to them while
you're waiting in line to check out you
use your credit cards instead of cash
now there's nothing wrong with credit
cards sometimes you have to use them for
big purchases you need in a moment but
really don't have the cash to pay
upfront like medical expenses a wedding
dress or other important purchases but
unless you're planning on paying your
credit card bills in full every month
using them to buy everyday things all
the time is a bad idea over time your
credit card balances will build and
you'll be spending more and more of your
paychecks on monthly bills and since
they accumulate interest it can often
feel like you're walking backward on a
treadmill you'll never get anywhere and
you'll continue paying for years and
years instead pay for things with the
money you actually have and only use
credit cards for emergencies coupons
that make you buy random stuff coupons
are awesome well as long as they're for
stuff you were already planning on
buying but a lot of people end up
wasting money on unnecessary things just
for the sake of using the coupon like a
dinner at that new Peruvian restaurant
around the corner that says you can get
$15 off if you spend $30 sure this is a
great deal but if it weren't for the
coupon you'd be fifteen dollars richer
by eating at home the coupon enticed you
to spend money try to only use them on
things you were already going to buy
like toilet paper shampoo and
restaurants you're already planning on
going to impending health expenses
looking forward to your annual dentist
visit no one is not only is sitting in
that dentist's chair scary it costs some
serious dough especially if you don't
have dental insurance if you have to get
an ex
ray or and get a cavity filled forget it
same goes for your general doctor
checkups but did you ever stop to think
that if you don't do annual health
maintenance and checkups you'll have to
pay even more in the end if you wait too
long to get your teeth clean you could
be looking at multiple fillings a root
canal and more and trust me that's going
to hurt way more than your wallet just
bite the bullet so to speak and make
sure you're in good health so you don't
pay the price later food waste are your
eyes bigger than your stomach sometimes
when you go grocery shopping you buy
more than you can eat before it goes bad
according to a study held by USDA
nutritional list Lisa Jones in 2014
people who maintain a relatively healthy
diet are some of the most wasteful when
it comes to food that's because they buy
more fruits and veggies that go bad
before they can get to them in the
fridge if you've ever thrown away a
half-eaten bag of lettuce you know
exactly what I'm talking about
to reduce food waste try going to the
supermarket a couple times a month
instead of just once in a while this way
you won't feel the need to stock up and
we'll only buy what you need for that
period of time what do you spend most of
your money on did it make the list let
me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share it with a
friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we have over two thousand cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]